we're standing here would show at TS
rack tree he won the won we won
tournament here against the soccer but
then we lost the lost in the winner's
bracket final against suck again in the
shark gaming championship how do you
describe those two matches 21 you 14 all
40 little second you last Oh tree well
that's my point of view I made the same
strategy as i did before yesterday and
he changed up today so i didn't expect
that and he just walked over me so you
could say that the fact that you never
scout had an impact on the match not
really because he changed his rally in
the middle of the game so if i would
scout in the middle I i will see that um
I just I yassel Scouts in the beginning
that's the only reason I don't scalp
because it's I don't think it gives you
any good information like you can only
like to see cheese and if you see the
cheese you won't change the build on the
way that's actually quite a good point
and you play for a team dignitas at the
moment but I remember when the media
makers started to make the new team with
cloud an anima it was like a room that
you would join them but you ended up
with dignity as do you have any we're in
discussion with both teams or uh yeah
but I think gets a good culprit from him
so I decided to him dignitas is sad yeah
how how it's been with playing with
dignitas it's been really great i love
them they send me to everyone I want to
participate him and they support me very
well yeah I saw two desk you had this
crazy alien work a computer did you get
that from them as well yeah we're
actually sponsored by aaliyah we're so
thank you really were really computer
yeah and
you have been like probably one of the
best Europeans in the last few months
you have you won the king of the hill
tournament four times and you have any
plans about going to korean gsl yeah I'm
actually for next season if I'm in good
shape good shape so what will your goal
speed at to qualify round of 32 well if
I qualify I'm pretty satisfied just by
that but of course I want to win like
yeah now who you know who you will meet
a lower bracket now it's either number
or borough so which of those two will
you prefer I don't know both are good I
beat tomorrow before 20 so maybe him I
don't know yeah well that was all from
us do you have any last words sir I want
to thank my team dignitas and my
sponsors in tow alienware scan gamer
base thank you good luck